[chuckle]
Perfect form!
Looks like you're real
fired up, Big Brother!
I am!
Watch out, Byakuya Gang!
No matter what jutsu you throw
at me, I'll pulverize you!
(NEWSCASTER)
We interrupt this newscast
to bring you
breaking news...
We are outside of
the Kaminarimon Company
headquarters
where a crowd is
quickly gathering.
These protestors are
accusing the giant corporation
of corrupt practices.
[shouting]
May justice fall upon this
corrupt company!
Let true justice prevail!
[shouting]
I wonder what brought this on.
We've never treated any of
our employees unfairly.
Do you think it could be...
What the heck's going on?
Mom, why are they protesting?
Mmmm...
Well, those people are angry
because they believe
Mr. Kaminarimon's company
did bad things,
so they're speaking up.
Isn't that your friend's
company, Big Brother?
They wouldn't do
anything bad, right?
That's true.
Of course they wouldn't!
Don't tell me...the Byakuya
Gang is behind this too!
If they are involved,
that's not good.
If this disturbance continues,
then the chaos
will surely expand
from inside the village!
Damn it!
This is going beyond
just the Byakuya Gang.
I'd say it's going
really well.
It's still on a small scale,
but protests are breaking out,
just like we expected.
And more and more people
are helping us
to avoid capture now.
Things are
looking good for us.
Couldn't have gone better.
You see,
if you're clever enough...
you can figure out
what moves people
and easily manipulate them.
The trick is to
serve them up a villain...
which might be dissatisfaction
with life or daily stress.
Everyone just needs something
to focus their anger on.
Ultimately,
my ninjutsu is one that
deceives and manipulates
the mind.
We still have to do
our final plan.
Who knows what will happen?
But we are noble thieves,
correct?
So these lies... They're all
to save the people, right?
You better believe it!
Of course!
It's all for the sake of
true justice!
Anti‐capitalist protests?
Yeah.
Poor people are really mad.
They're directing their anger
at the wealthy corporations.
These protests are
unusually widespread.
So what's the cause?
It seems like
there's an agitator.
If you look at the timeline,
it all began when
that gang of robbers
started hanging out
in the village.
The Byakuya Gang?
I can't imagine those guys
aren't involved.
But I don't really
understand it.
What would be the purpose
of their involvement?
What's in it for them?
If they create unrest
in the village...
wouldn't it make it
easier for them
to find opportunities
to steal more stuff?
The thing is...
after their last job,
the Byakuya Gang stopped
their activities abruptly.
It was rather strange.
[sigh]
I agree. That's definitely
weird all right.
I'll go ahead and make contact
with the other villages.
I'll ask about what the gangs
movements have been recently.
But if there's a way
that we can avoid it,
we'd rather not add work
to your already full plate.
But any kind of unrest
in the village...
is already...
my responsibility.
[exhale]
Well, I think that you've been
doing a damn fine job.
I'll still have
the Police Force
continue their investigation.
Yes, please do.
[heavy breathing]
Hey! Have you guys
seen the news today?
It's only getting bigger.
Look.
Hm?
Damn it, not here too!
There's never been
anything like this before.
It's like the Byakuya Gang's
turned into
saviors of justice.
There's no way we can fight
the Byakuya Gang,
let alone an angry crowd
of protesting citizens.
I don't get it!
How come
those awful robber guys
have become super popular?
They think they're
fighting for justice!
They can make
any excuse they want,
but when all is said and done,
those guys are stealing!
Right, Shikadai?
Huh?
Yeah... That's right.
Wow, how come you're all
scatterbrained and stuff?
Did something happen?
[sigh]
No, nothing happened.
Hey! Hold on!
Weren't we gonna
have a meeting
to talk about
our next mission?
Sorry, but we'll have to do it
another time.
‐ Huh?!
‐ [groans]
Then I'll just make
this move here.
That same play again?!
'Cause my decoy move
always works.
You fall for it every time.
Really?
Well, it's not like
I'm doing it on purpose.
Shikadai...
GEKKO) You always
do well by me, son.
The place where I belong...
is the Byakuya Gang.
That's how I've decided
to live my life
ever since that day.
[sigh]
All right, I'm going.
Be good and wait for me, okay?
[chuckle]
Sure, Dad!
Be careful...my darling.
Don't worry. It's going to be
an easy mission.
I'll be back home
by tomorrow night.
Besides,
I've got a trusty partner.
[laughing]
You love your dad a lot,
huh, Ryogi?
Yeah!
[chuckle]
Your dad is great.
He has a wonderful job and
he helps all kinds of people.
Do you think I can become
just like Dad someday
when I grow up?
Yes, of course.
You bet.
How come Dad's not home yet?
He did tell us yesterday that
he'd be home by now, right?
[gasp]
That must be him!
Welcome home!
(RYOGI'S DAD)
Ryo...gi...
[gasps]
Dad?
My darling!
What happened?
It's me! Can you hear me?!
Please answer me! Please!
Uhm... Mom, wait...
(RYOGI'S MOM)
Please wake up!
There's...
someone behind you...
Huh?
Please, Mom...you gotta...
get away...
[quivering breath]
Ahhh!
[grunt]
(GEKKO)
Ryogi, you're awake now.
Huh?
[gasp]
Uncle...Gekko?
Don't worry.
I killed the man
who was trying to attack you.
[gasp]
What about Mom and Dad?!
I'm sorry.
I just wasn't strong enough
to protect them.
[gasp]
Their funeral's already over.
[emotional breaths]
[crying]
What do you want to do now?
(GEKKO)
Do you want to come with me?
Huh?
(GEKKO)
It'll be okay.
I'll teach you everything
about the man your dad was.
Whaddya say?
[sniffling and
quivering breaths]
Mhm.
Why did you bring me
all the way out here?
Just be patient and
give it some time.
They'll all be gathering here
very soon.
Who's gathering?
Huh?!
[gasp]
So, are you gonna tell me
how it went?
It went flawlessly, Boss.
You're the Boss?
Who's the kid?
He's going to be
observing our work.
At least for now, anyway.
Did you say work?
That's right.
Your dad and I
had another job...
besides our regular
shinobi work
that we were assigned to.
We did it in secret
and always referred to it
as our "real job."
My dad did too?
We are the Byakuya Gang.
We crush the powerful and
save those who are weak.
We are society's
noble thieves!
uhhh
Wow!
We really scored big again,
Boss!
So you guys
went around stealing?
You and my dad
were really thieves?
Hey, c'mon,
I already told ya.
We call ourselves
noble thieves.
Listen, the loan shark
we stole all this stuff from
did a buncha dirty things
to get rich
so there's no need for us
to feel bad.
[uncomfortable]
It's blood money...
stolen off the backs of
powerful and wealthy people.
Those are
the only kind of people
noble thieves deal with.
Ryogi... I want you
to listen well.
Over time,
as your dad and I went about
our shinobi missions,
we began to question
some things.
Like what?
Basically,
we ninja are just servants
for the people above us
who hold all the power.
No matter how much
strength we possess,
we only save those
that we are ordered to save.
And that's the reality.
But that doesn't excuse this!
This is an important
reformation
that your dad and I
started long ago.
Reformation?
My dad never mentioned that.
You probably can't
understand it yet.
However, once you cross
a dangerous bridge,
you're bound to make enemies.
[startle]
So the person who killed
my mom and dad was...
Yeah...
Unfortunately,
I'm sure your dad
didn't want his family to get
entangled in all of this.
[notice]
Oh, you're back.
Here you go.
We managed to locate
and bring back
all of the loot
they swindled from you.
O‐Oh!
How can we ever thank you?!
Uh Lord Gekko?!
Do you understand?
We rob the rich
and give to the poor
for the sake of justice.
Your dad also used to say
something very wise.
Ninja who blindly swear
loyalty to the nation...
have difficulty
actually hearing
the voices of those
who really need saving.
They're just used
by the powerful.
They're nothing more
than pawns!
They're pawns...
You have amazing potential.
It's time you join
the Byakuya Gang.
Who, me?
Yes. You can help us.
We'll change
this rotten reality together.
Thank you so much!
[chuckle]
Your dad is great.
He has a wonderful job,
and he helps
all kinds of people.
Hmmm
Oh, there you are.
Were you thinking back to
your past and reminiscing?
A little.
I see.
You must only do that
in moderation.
Tomorrow night,
we will be undertaking
the final stage of our plan,
so be ready.
Hmmm?
What's that?
Ah, w‐well, this is, uh...
something I borrowed
from a friend.
Oh, you got it
from a friend, huh?
I can't believe you actually
made friends with somebody!
I'm sorry.
[chuckle]
What are apologizing for?
You should see that
as a good thing.
I'm sure if your dad
were alive today,
he'd be very happy
to hear that.
Yes...
Turn in early tonight.
Understood.
Hmph...
He made a friend.
That's interesting.
No matter.
Everything will be settled
by tomorrow night anyway.
Hmm?
Hey!
It's been a while.
[affirmative]
I'm sure you've been
waiting for me.
Huh?
Don't be
so full of yourself.
I was just sitting here
practicing.
So I could kick your butt in
the next Shogi match we play.
Yeah?
I'd like to see you try that.
You can talk a good game,
but let's see how you play.
Who's talking now?
You better not
start crying later.
Wow, you're right.
Looks like you have
gotten better.
I hope you're not
just sayin' that.
[chuckle]
Truth is...
we won't really know
until this match is over, huh?
Man, this is so fun...
I can't believe
you actually made friends
with somebody!
So this is what it's like
to have a friend...
We should go.
It's getting dark.
Oh...hold on.
Hmm?
Ah!
You're so prepared.
Well, I want us
to finish this,
no matter how long it takes.
Finish, huh?
Yeah, you're right.
Uhh!
Checkmate.
You did it.
You really got me this time.
Damn...
I don't suppose...
there are any take backs?
Well, those are the rules.
But I guess I could
consider it...
Huh? You mean for real?
On one condition...
If you answer one question for
me completely and honestly.
What? You'd be fine
with just that?
Yeah.
You're...
...with the Byakuya Gang,
right?
What's this all about?
I don't have any idea
why you'd bring them up.
You can stop pretending.
It's a real drag.
Do you happen
to remember that time
we were playing Shogi
and Boruto showed up?
Anyway, so are the things
this Mister Katasuke
keeps in his lab
always this interesting?
Someone who is brand new
to the village...
wouldn't have any knowledge
of Mr. Katasuke's lab.
In other words,
you had already cased
the village a couple of times.
Go on,
you can just admit it.
Hold on for a second,
Shikadai!
That's why you think I'm with
the Byakuya Gang?!
You've got a seriously wild
imagination there, buddy!
[laugh]
Don't you think you might be
overreaching a bit?
Me? A member of
the Byakuya Gang?
I mean,
it's a whole other story
if you got proof...
All right then.
It's clear you have no basis
on which to make
this crazy assumption.
You really think I'd accuse
you if I didn't have proof?
[exhale]
That lamp you brought brought
was on the list of
stolen goods.
[shocked]
You brought it from
your hideout, right?
That was pretty careless
of you, don't you think?
There's no way it it could've
been traced already!
Uh...
[awkward chuckle]
I'm a little embarrassed
I fell for your trick
so easily.
Oh man, what an awkward
Shogi match.
Just so you know,
I didn't want to believe it.
And if I am wrong,
then I'm really sorry, but...
So what are you
going to do next?
Are you planning on
turning me in to the Leaf?
I won't.
Don't worry.
I wouldn't do anything
like that.
And I never told anybody
about you either.
[shocked]
I just don't want you
continuing to do something
so stupid!
Something so... stupid?
Yeah.
I mean, think about it.
It doesn't matter
what you call yourselves...
"noble thieves" or whatever...
a few guys won't be able to
change the world!
I told you that already!
If you're not the one
who holds real power,
then everything you do
will turn into one big drag!
You'll only get crushed in
the end, or at the very least,
you'll end up becoming
somebody else's pawn!
[shocked]
A pawn?
I'm telling you, to wake the
hell up!
You need to forget about
this stupid noble thief act!
I see you clearly now,
Shikadai.
You don't
understand me at all.
You never did.
Ryogi, wait!
Hold on.
We do have the power
to change the world.
And even if I die as a pawn,
at least I'll have no regrets!
Ryogi!
You made the wrong move.
You're too easy, Shikadai.
Are you gonna run away?!
No.
I'm going to fight,
as a member of
the Byakuya Gang.
You're the one
who's running away.
You think I'm...?
You think there's only
so much you can do
and you just accept that,
so you never try to improve.
You shut up!
You've never been serious
about anything.
Not even once.
It's ironic you accuse others
of the very same thing.
But I guess if you grow up
without a care in the world,
in a peaceful village
like this, everything's okay.
But I'm different
than you are!
Ryogi...
See?
You're still doing it
even now.
You're a full‐fledged shinobi,
but you aren't even
trying to capture me.
You're all talk and no action.
Ryogi!
Ice Style: Mangehyo!
There's nothing you can do...
Don't go!
Ryogi!!!
It's too bad, Shikadai...
You...
You were the only one...
Shikadai...
We've been waiting for you!
The time has come at last.
We'll proceed with
"The Crest of Night Strategy."
Our final job.
We will show our path of
true justice to the world.
Yes, sir.
(GEKKO)
Ryogi, who would've thought
that the plan you came up with
would get us this far?!
Even if we leave things
as they are now,
chaos will grow by itself!
No one can change
the flow of things
once they are set in motion.
Let's go, everyone!
(RYOGI)
For the sake of true justice!
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Go! The Crest of
Night Strategy"
(RYOGI) Shikadai, you won't
make a move anyway.
Even if you do, you can't
do anything about it.